you do not have today, I decided to remove about
your pussy
here you are some people
watched inclusively not on her wai
fay
it's so easy to see him this one
the main thing here
you turn it on I first
I thought that this was a shut up of this
let 's turn on here it turns on here
she turned on my games are here
Parkour Assassin 1 race game then on it
codes on my tablet
next let's see the settings
settings need network settings
click here search mode
chickens or whatever the second one is in short
Click here I have from din homo
and homo 82 82 Well this is my homo so
brother
who wants to know here is the new vlan network
turn on so lan turned on ser
baby scan here is homo
Click on the next one and we forgot
scanning something we forgot
see how it's called this
brackets
from ios click
further and with
here she even has a key a key
any way you drive it now
try to switch to numbers
somehow no it's not like that
let's try sometime now
to switch
because
here tons no wait here it is yes now
I passwords and show you further I did
password click yes then click here
300 special settings of Odessa
idle time we press the name
Homa 02 connections
have children need everything and then you have
that's so big
you can call the experience head there it is all
now let me show you a photo here
no camera of course
even if we don’t see her
connect the camera so the video is also a lesbian
games
here in the browser there is a search in
the internet
here even skype we have it
all automatically
Of course it's better to download games via disk
here are four games
most rare game that's all I have I
a year has passed they all work this long
very switched on
it's like so to speak
the radio here is here and I am also you
I will also say that this is gta 4 Chinese
Dialogues where 4 Chinese for a long time
joint game can be played but all on
that's all
everybody for now subscribe to my channel
Like everyone for now